food shortages and food insecurity are
continuing to rise there is a solution
however that the globalist elite want
you to know about I'm going to cover
that today I think it's important that
we address this head on welcome truth
Seekers you've come to the right place
because I will show you the information
that the others can't so join this
Grassroots movement of nearly 300 000
people if you find Value in this video
click that subscribe and the
notification be cited so that you can
get the information that isn't covered
anywhere else and you've got to
understand right here and now in this
video what's going on because I think
it's important to not only cover the
problem but what's being suggested as
the solution and I'll start with that
right here
this is from the world economic Forum
your friends at the world economic Forum
Klaus Schwab how soon will we be eating
lab-grown meat this this was kind of a
story a few years ago you started
hearing about it and
now we have it no kill meat grown from
animal cells is now approved for sale in
the US I did read about this uh
apparently the guy
I actually tasted it said it tastes like
chicken yes that's right and now we have
it you can see as expected the USDA
followed Singapore by approving for the
United States the growth by two
companies of animal cells into chicken
products that one day might be sold to
Consumers so it's been approved it's not
going to necessarily be just on your
Supermarket shelves immediately however
check this a Jose Andreas restaurant in
DC will serve lab-grown chicken so there
it is
it's there I mean I'm not saying that
it's you know going to be on everybody's
plate suddenly you know removing all the
naturally grown chickens but you can see
what they're doing now for a lot of
people they will see this as one little
sub-market inside the the food industry
and to some degree that that's true
but I think it's pretty clear what's
going on here and we're going to talk
more about that today
there are some that are in control of
what's happening and they have made it
very clear that you will own nothing and
you will be happy and part of that is
that the world economic Forum all these
other groups they have said specifically
that the foods you are eating are a
problem and therefore we have provided
you with a solution you will eat
crickets you will not have access to
meat if you want it I think that's a
personal choice
you will not be able to go and just get
in your car and drive wherever you want
with your family you've got to pay a
certain tax you will be taxed by every
mile you have driven you will be
restricted based on potentially you know
pollution factors and so on they do this
in some countries right now today
they say if your license plate is such
and such well then you're only going to
be able to drive on every other day of
the week now how can you actually
conduct business how can you live like
that but they know that maybe it can't
be policed well but they're trying to
restrict the flow and say hey that
there's pollution we got to slow this
down so
you got to buy two cars or two license
plates I mean it's unbelievable okay so
that's what's going on right now there
is a part in part because of the
restrictions that they want to put in
place on people
and some of these groups are definitely
well connected
more than a quarter of a billion people
went hungry in 2022 more than a quarter
billion not talking you know you did
some intermittent fasting please no not
that at all the number of people facing
acute food insecurity shot up for the
fourth year in a row in 2022
the Specter of food insecurity
unexpected range during wheat Harvest
pose a threat to food security this is
in Pakistan
all right Locus destroy Afghanistan
crops amid severe food crisis do you see
the trend here I can go on
this is ground beef prices rising to
near record highs
fewer cattle U.S herd for beef cow
replacement falls to the lowest since
1962.
and these are the prices for cattle
going up higher and higher and higher
and a note for some people they say well
I won't have that doesn't affect me I
think it's clear that you look at this
as part of the overall inflation that's
taking place but at the same time I
really think what we can see overall
like if you if you kind of just zoom out
you're not talking about cattle we're
not talking about ground beef and look
at what's happening here they want
people to be subservient and they want
them to eat things that are quite
frankly just out of this world
this whole
non-meat thing
um what they've been doing here with
this cultured cultured chicken what does
that mean they take the stem cells of an
animal okay apparently doesn't hurt
whatever they think this little bit of
this animal they grow it inside of a
laboratory and they you know it can
multiply multiply it's supposedly 99
made of that you know particular piece
of chicken let's say okay so it's 99
chicken and one percent probably you
know formaldehyde or something whatever
it is but you can look at that okay well
you know that's great okay some people
would say that it's grown in a
laboratory they're saying they don't
need to use any pesticides and hormones
and antibiotics none of that is used
that's fine but what are the
repercussions of eating something like
that does it have an impact on our
health in the long term we won't know
we won't know
and they say look it's the same thing
it's the equivalent just like with the
GMOs just like with all this crispr Gene
editing they've told us it's the same
same stuff same stuff no worries right
but is it really not from what I've seen
Jeffrey Smith did I read two of Jeffrey
Smith's books
um fantastic books about the GMOs I
think it's more than clear that we had a
serious problem with that
so here we go here's the next part food
shortages I mean I don't like to cover
this stuff but guys I need to cover it
I think about this every day when I'm
growing food
I think of these things that I can do my
best for myself and of course those
around me
and I think if everybody did that well
it would help out even if it's just a
little bit even if you grew five or ten
percent of the food that you ate
wouldn't that make a huge difference if
if everybody was doing that five percent
think about the impact that this would
have on the total food supply it would
be huge huge there's you know much
better things we could be doing but you
know we can go well beyond that
beautiful example of Ruthless corn
Syndrome from drought stress you could
take a look there I wonder if that's GMO
okay we got corn conditions fall to 55
good excellent as of Sunday below the
trade gas of 58 okay this is just one
thing crop conditions going down down
there you've got this Pfizer is running
out of several doses of penicillin here
we go hospitals are scouring the shelves
for supplies of a drug that reverses
lead poisoning goes on and on
antibiotics and so on shortages
shortages shortages biggest food
shortage in 40 years local food bank in
Desperate needed donations everywhere
you look you've got a problem
U.N report report sounds the alarm on
impending acute food insecurity for
Afghanistan and Pakistan
food insecurity worsened after 2020 snap
Aid expired so the the food food stamps
they basically reduced how much they
were given out and of course food
insecurity worsened
there's no question that that would be
the case do you see the problem here
everywhere you turn you've got a crisis
what are they telling you we're going to
have a much cheaper alternative it's the
crickets
we don't want people eating meat
and by the way whatever side you're on
if you're a vegan vegetarian or you're a
carnivore I'm not on any side I'm
telling you the economics and I'm
telling you from the higher levels what
they are saying we don't want people to
be able to afford the meat we don't want
people to be able to afford normal Foods
so we're going to be serving them these
food alternatives
I I really don't know like even if you
are let's say a vegan or a vegetarian
would you support the
like lab grown meat I mean I I just
can't I don't know enough about it but
it just doesn't seem right to me to grow
food in a laboratory I won't eat any of
you know laboratory Foods I don't need
candy I don't need that stuff haven't
eaten it since 2005.
I want that lab stuff okay so you're
gonna grow you're gonna take the stem
cells from an animal I mean you're gonna
then put it in a in a lab in a Petri
dish and grow something that I'm gonna
eat all that that can't be right so I
just don't see this is right anyway what
they're doing is they're making things
more expensive so that the global Elite
can buy it and they can afford it and
they can enjoy it
delete the good stuff delete the real
stuff and you are going to be able to go
to McDonald's and Burger King and all
these places and you're gonna get your
Big Macs
oh but by the way it's made from
crickets and you know cell cultured
animals
that's what's going on do you see this
do you see it I hope you do it is so
important
so important and that's why I talk about
getting your situation in order one of
the very things that you can do is land
owning land is probably the number one
thing and most most overlooked thing
that people just completely are just
unaware of the benefits of it and I talk
about that in this video right here so
click this link and I'll see you there